
Is it right time to talk with you?

Do you know tamil , ask their native 

Basically this call would be an troduction call to know each other and 
I will give an outline of the business and giving full model intro will confuse you and you will not get all points

If you feel this would work for you I will share the material to you


I will not expect any commitments from you

My introduction:

Having 10 yrs , Husband also working in IT. It was good in the initial days

After daughter's born, we had hard time to spend time with her

That time we went thru many business opportunities to spend time with her

And all of other business model was to do some initial investment.
to be frank savings was not good at that time ..

THat time one of my friend introduced this business and she said that 
investment is zero but dont start for that . coz we will not continue 
if you dont realize the value of this business

She gave us some material to go thru too .. 

Really we planned to start this by seeing below oppor (Can spend only in spare time, 0 investment, mentor . She said she will help us on building the business)

To be frank my start time income is very less but I met many ppl who are very successful in the business and saw the potential in that

My husband also doing this whenever he get time and we're able to develop this passionality now

Im looking for someone to like minded and to be frank Im sending this msg to ppl  as I dont know who are all in a mindset to build their business.

Ask his/her intro

- In ur point of view, what is quality of life ?
   - I thought having savings would be enough to live rich life but my in law is heart patient and that time we faced financial issues. That time we realized the value of having permanent income ..
In case if you get an opportunity to build ur business with the mentors means will u take this opportunity or no?
- Have you faced any failures in ur life? No need to share if its too personal
   - Anybody was there who supported you ? Not based on money wise . just moral support
- Why I asked this question is, any business (LEave this business), CEO has to take full responsibility from end-end .. and this business is "YOU ARE NOT ALONE" .. and my and mentor experience is learning for you
-Failure means "Quitting this business"
-Mentorship is for life and not for only for business


Talk about AI & PI
- AI - Normal job
- PI - Asset based income (Ppl used ot create an asset by putting their hardwork and that property will create an income , EX: House and CEO  (how to CEO getting amount from multiple clients)

To be frank I didnt see business ppl life style before and they might have pressures to like giving salary to team and ppl who are in bench also they have to give salary)
but their income is secured one compared to ours . Normally we will have some fear whether I will this month salary or not and not sure when they relase me 

Any business will have service / products.. 
 - Old model end - end
 - but business of 21st century is totally diferent like e-commerce , amazon, swiggy, uber .. They tie up with distributors based on their business model.. But common is they created huge network 
.. WIthout distributor its illegal and without customer is not possible..

- This is called "N/w marketing or direct selling"

- Govt is telling this direct selling will create huge demand and they are predicting like graduates can get huge income by doing this business ..

So the model is Social commerce . 
Usually this has 2 entities. 
1) But we dont have to worry about organization and all without having shop . We have tie up with organization ppl and they will take care of having products, reg, logistics , tax etc.,
Additionally they're giving opportunity to build an organization

2) as well as education plan

Im not sure how many other industries providing an opportunityy to build an organization

Before starting my business I didnt have knowledge about building my organization and all .. But my mentor evaluated my mindset only

FOr ex 100 members in my teams putting 1 hr per day and utilizing this opportunity means I will get 100 hrs productive in my team 

Im getting it coz I dont want to give salary to them also they're doing as they realized the value of having this business

Book :
I
t would be in neutral way
You might have different questions like efforts, time etc., Lets discuss further once you go thru the book . But its not necessary to start this business if you dont like the idea

Have u ever think abot building an organization and all ?

blahblabhblah

Do you have any idea about n/w marketing?

If you focus on selling products then that will come under active income and you will not focus on building ur organzation
and you will get a mindset like "I will get a salary only when I sell the product"

Here I saw the opportunity to build it globally.